move IRC network from freenode to libera.chat (#884)
JoinMarket-Org/joinmarket-clientserver: README.md

### Community

+ IRC: `#joinmarket` on irc.libera.chat https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/irc.libera.chat#joinmarket (logs can be found [here](http://gnusha.org/joinmarket/))

> + IRC on tor: `#joinmarket` on the network [Hackint](https://www.hackint.org/). This channel is bridged to the above libera channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ IRC on tor: `#joinmarket` on the [Hackint](https://www.hackint.org/). This channel is bridged to the above libera channel.
```

> + IRC on tor: `#joinmarket` on the network [Hackint](https://www.hackint.org/). This channel is bridged to the above libera channel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IRC over Tor: `#joinmarket` on the [Hackint](https://www.hackint.org/) network, which is bridged to the above libera.chat channel.
```

Pure bikeshedding lol. Is "libera" the official shorthand for libera.chat? Personally I prefer the full libera.chat, but maybe that part is OK as-is.

Author: Yes. Checked their website again and their official name is "Libera Chat". Lets go with this.
